Why are you afraid?
I'll be afraid of you.
I will
Let's wait and see.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Our power is tied together.
Extensive root system
I don't believe in such a rural woman.
You can't even turn the sky.
Ly Van Hieu
You're too confident.
The king is the adopted son of the chief princess.
Be confident.
Is there anything?
Ha ha ha
The general had drowned for more than half his life.
In the end not as strong as a determined young man.
Haha ha, Liu Truong Canh is the Prime Minister.
It doesn't stop us from waiting relatively hard.
I have a princess standing next to me.
Even to the emperor.
Go to the princess.
We are as stable as the mountain.
You can try it.
Master Liu has arrived at this time.
You're protecting this bastard.
You are the Prime Minister of the current dynasty.
respect the court.
Respecting Your Majesty
You're very protective of this rural woman.
If this gets out,
What will Your Majesty think?
What would the princess think?
Ha ha ha ha
What does that have to do with you?
You.
I don't know life and death.
Wow.
Full of courtiers.
Bullying me, a rural woman
Your Majesty and the Princess know.
How will I look at you?
Ly Hue Ninh
I see because you and Master Liu have known each other for a while.
Don't pursue your bragging.
But if you keep on being arrogant
Whether it's Liu Xiang
It can't protect you either.
The Susan River
What do you mean?
Lord Liu.
He protected this village woman for no reason.
Enemy of the court.
I didn't ask you what you meant.
Father-in-law.
In my opinion.
Master Liu must have been blinded by her.
I'll stand up for her.
But these two are about the same age.
Maybe.
There was a story before.
Ha ha ha
Presumptuous.
Lady's grace recreated with the duty
The nine deaths are difficult to repay.
But this official is not without reason to help.
Wait a minute, I can talk nonsense.
You're welcome.